docs: Update License Text (#99)
LDAR-Sim/LDAR_Sim: README.md

NOTE: This applies to all versions following Commit 69c27ec, Made on March 1st, 2021, Previous versions of LDAR-Sim were licensed under the GNU Affero General Public License. All redistributions or modifications made on LDAR-Sim versions created before Commit 69c27ec (March 1st, 2021) are required to be in compliance with version 3 of the GNU Affero General Public License.

## Special Thanks and Acknowledgements

>  The LDAR-Sim development team would like to special thank and acknowledgement to the University of Calgary's Intelligent Methane Monitoring and Management System (IM3S) Group for their significant contributions to the development and growth of LDAR-Sim from 2018 to 2021.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The LDAR-Sim development team would like to give a special thanks and acknowledgement to the University of Calgary's Intelligent Methane Monitoring and Management System (IM3S) Group for their significant contributions to the development and growth of LDAR-Sim from 2018 to 2021.
```
